You have a virtual connection with the task-gipping of this telephone conversation similar to your picking down notes on other telephone conversations.
I mean, did I use the same class there? Yes, yes, yes.
But I do understand that that in most of your time, our year-to-year session, the telephone conversations, monsters, or other major research in here are never complete.
I wouldn't say that they're never complete. I imagine I get a complete version in my short hair notes on many, many calls.
But I take it that in this particular instance that at times you could not feel a slight of a conversation, or a random conversation in a room, and for that reason, certainly it's a deleted.
Yes, sir. That's a little bit.
You have done over a few of your notes. Is there any change in the subject of the conversation as a result of this delete?
I don't know if they thought it's not in my opinion.
Mr. Lucas, you transcribe all of your telephone conversations? No, sir. When do you transcribe the telephone conversations?
When the instructor, the Army asked me to do so, I thought it was the department councilor who would ask me to do so.
Then I figured that he would be acting on instructions from the instructor.
I assume there are many calls going into the office of the secretary every day.
Now, you can log your book in your executive way that you can readily secure the call that the secretary is interested in.
I don't know about it readily. I have a system so that I can't locate the call. When will this particular call pass by?
I don't remember exactly what they're talking about. I imagine there's somewhere around the marks set around there.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure. It was not sent by that. That's the time I do not believe.
Mr. Lucas, you monitor all of the calling calls as well as incoming calls to the secretary's office.
I monitor the call, which the secretary talks about whether it doesn't matter which way they would initiate this test.
Other words, you hear all telephone conversations that the secretary has to resolve this.
Whatever parties they'll be talking to, is that correct?
Call the phone and the call will be in the department of the test.
I'm going to keep this in the call and which rarely does not say, do not listen to it.
If the secretary is all of them like mine, your ears must be heard many times.
Yes, yes.
I'm going to turn that back on you.
I have no problem.
Mr. Love, I'll just want to put the flag to the center.
Thank you for taking your note for us and we know with everybody in this room have a perfectly good picture of that telephone conversation.
I believe so.
I'm going to try to be in this call.
Just a few questions.
You monitor the call, Mr. Adam Lotton.
If there may be over the department of the test, let's vote.
The one I would not monitor, because there would be may over the vote box, the photograph, the system, I believe.
Now, can I ask you this question?
One of the issues that I'm going to discuss, deal with more of any questions about any phone calls, the secretary, Mr. Adam Lotton,
is going to be very familiar with the son of the son of the son of the co-op hearing.
Would you have a computer make?
In the case, what's the name of your call?
A certain day.
A comment will be called.
Do you know that if you ask me, sir, a certain senator's phone or talk on the phone on a certain, the next day, where the secretary, yes or no, that I would not address that call.
In other words, you could go back to your books now.
And over the past six, eight months, you could give the different names of the different subjects who would have called the secretary and the secretary to regard it as particular matter.
I couldn't do it right now, no, because the records are rather large.
But you have some questions, please.
Yes, sir.
I still don't know completely in line with how the work is going to take notes.
You say you're trying to get the conversation of both parties, rather than social reading.
What's it?
When you write up your report, do you write it up as nearly as you can in a verbatim report of the conversation that you write?
You write your version of up and down during that conversation.
What we said is that we are going to report on any, let's make the conversation between myself and the secretary of that student.
The transcript in report two, on the call of November 7th, does that call or any other call?
So there's a normal procedure.
The normal procedure?
I will, at the time it's possible, if it's of a stratific conclusion, the call, if I'm not pushed into doing something else more important, I will then write on a specific paper, this time, the time of day,
that is done by using those short hand notes, the time of day, the dates at the top and I indicate who calls who, and just leave a subject, for example, if you phone special thanks students on November 7th and talk about the shine matter, I will tell you that on that middle split, such and such time, then the party calls that same students, Ray, shine matter, three.
So the theory of your report on the phone conversation is your own personal idea of the important part of the telephone conversation.
That's the thing that I use for locating the call with me, yes, it's the way we are in formal lectures, I would like to make this very clear, as far as the more new and I made some comments from the interview, what's the given telephone conversation about when we get very close and I'm very opinion, none of that bonus should be borne by you, you're just a reporter doing your job, you do the job, you're always doing right.
You do not make the call at the demonstration, that's correct, could you tell us what I'm up and I told her, you monitor the call between Secretary Steven and General Washington, General Washington, General Watt, the radar information of the sport model, I'd be only able to tell you at this time, but have you been asked to transfer and write the conversation between Secretary Steven and General Washington?
I'm not going to tell you again.
You follow my question, in other words there's very important telephone call, Green Watt Steven and General Watt, and I have to ensure you know what I'm not the Secretary, when you have to transfer and the conversation between, I'm not going to see them for the awful app, the transfer and the conversation between Watt and Steven.
I don't believe it was put that way through, when I was asked to do my first unit transcribing and connection with this matter of hand here, I was told to, this is my best recollection at this moment, I was told to transcribe the call, the conversation will be,
I don't believe it was spelled out, I don't think anybody's best transcribed just the call from Senator McCarty or Mr. Carl and Mr. Colne at that point, how many times will this be?
I'm referring to second, and then I'm referring to second occasion when I was asked to transcribe conversations that regard to the matter of hand here today, I was told to go through my book and transcribe all the conversations, having been saying what's the letter, no general law will not mention.
How many conversations did you come to try and replicate? I don't recall third day how many of those were in the video, I'm asking with five, you know, right, money out, I'm not getting time, I'm fired.
I mean, the time for first thing I said, that's correct.
I mean, we're not always going to see it again now with the council.
Chairman, do you have any questions that the council has asked in jail? I'm sure if you have, council for the committee, but I will, once first, inquire whether anybody else has any questions or questions, do you have any questions?
I have no further questions about this, I have to make you state that this time, you may.
This witness has made such a year drop to use his words, some his transcription, some of the words of the conversation, whether by any burdens there otherwise does not appear.
We know lawyers under the name of the most, that sometimes the dropping of a comma, a summer phone or a tear goes in pallet chains and meaning of a sentence, in due to the fact that this witness now says that his transcription is not accurate, that he made himself the judge of what was material and what was not.
I do not see this as the committee on just sending them a party and especially this committee investigating this conversation that he's been admitted to the government.
I'm no longer in just the public. I have to be excluded and that's like they even be called back to the witness today.
I don't like to compete with the senators there, but do like the microphone and other competitions, you take these questions and follow us for a new break.
Thanks. I turn off a greeting Mr. Jenkins, in spite of my good respect for you.
Mr. Smith, the transcript you were not asked, your testimony I think you a D of E were asked, but it is 99 and 44 100 percent accurate.
And I do not agree that he made himself the judge of what was important and what was not important.
I think we have in this courtroom and witness has completely prepared to testify to a telephone conversation.
I think what the dialogue that looks at in my life, and if we do not put the telephone conversation into a day, I wish it understood that I should learn with all my power and the satisfaction that it deals with it in the end.
Mr. Chairman, I believe this is a further question.
We are ready for the questioning procedure.
10 minutes and a 10 minute rule, but without discussing our believe the council's recommendation and send them a phone call and we'll like to address themselves to that point.
Mr. Chairman, I suspect you are the judge of the commission.
I do say that it would be admissible.
It is not in full and complete.
It is what this stands me, but we know it is a thousand percent accurate, but the very fact is that he admitted to a left out word and his notes are directed to a shorthand notes now indicates that worth one list that might have some meaning.
Mr. Chairman, I suspect the validity of his testimony and for that reason, I agree with Council that if not being complete, it is not admissible unless both parties agree to it.
Mr. Chairman, this can be used however by the government who took the notes and by the other parties who referred to conversations to refer to their members, they should be able to ask for a note that bestifies the member as the what actually occurred.
Mr. Chairman, I'm a reporter. I do more than I would say.
Mr. Chairman, I think it would be helpful to know how many other monitors, conversations to be introduced in evidence and whether the additional monitors, conversations, whether they sell and obtain a category.
Mr. Chairman, I don't know.
Did you answer that?
I will ask the question there, Robert.
I assume that the discussion will have a section of the members' room and I have an announcement that you will not bring in.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask this. Are there similar solutions that would appear in the notes of Mr. Luther?
Senator, there are no solutions. This is a careful response who does not want to take a note that say I am sure I have got three words absolutely.
Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Luther, Mr. Luther, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Roosevelt, I am sure that no demographer takes note by hand or by a senator by the positively specified that each and every word is absolutely shaken down.
Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Smith, Mr. Luther has specified that going along to the taking down all the telephone conversations, something happened and he didn't get so close.
Am I correct in that announcement? I don't mind if you ask for it.
Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Luther, Mr. Roosevelt, let me repeat the question.
And that is your testimony that in taking down the note, short hand note of the conversation between Senator McIath and Senator Suck's Ray Stevens on November 7th, that you took out the conversation down words for words for the best of your ability to the best of your life.
Now, by that, do I understand that there is no premeditated or welfare relations of work. There were no premeditated or welfare relations of work.
The end of time that your notes disclose that certain words did not appear because of some interest that made it impossible for you to hear.
They were specified either of the parties. At this point, I don't know just why it was, but I made a little mark with the knee indicates that I left a few words out there.
And there is an instant break in my perspective, short hand note, those were the things because sometimes human beings do not always complete practice.
Have you ever listened to me? Have you ever read a transcribed note of a conversation here?
Yes, sir, there are few of them. But when I know that there is, they cannot be word-to-word.
Do you think all of the sentences have a substance in a public?
No, sir. I know they do not.
So, let us forget to the point here. You say some of the sentences were not complete.
From Washington, the mutual network is bringing you on the spot coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings.
We interrupt the hearings momentarily to bring you up a button from Moscow.
Soviet Russia has broken off diplomatic relations with Australia in protest against the kidnapping of a Soviet diplomat Vladimir Petrov.
All members of the Australian Embassy staff in Moscow were ordered to leave there and the Soviet Embassy staff in Kambar was ordered to return home to Moscow.
Our coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings will continue after this 10 second pause for station identification.
This is the mutual broadcasting system.
710 on your dial.
WOR. New York.
Back in Washington, a mutual coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings before the Senate's permanent self-committee on investigation.
And counsel is occasionally asked questions of the witness in the head of the unlawed and some switch-up.
You have a great understanding. One is questions. I am correct them or not in the discussions.
That you stated a while ago that you dropped all of the mid-adunments from this conversation.
Yes sir. Just how many do you not know? That's correct sir. At all.
I have just a question or two. There is nothing in this symbol. This text that you put above the line that would indicate whether it was a two-word or six-word or eight-word, the champion in the fossil of the incompleteness of the new Donald recall.
How many words might be done? That's correct sir. At the time of taking the note, I realized for what reason now I do not remember.
I realized that I had left something out whether I was too far behind to recall it or whether it was noise because I didn't hear it.
I don't know now. I made a mark to indicate that I knew I was leaving something out and I wanted that to show in my notes book.
Put that down. Let's keep protecting yourself.
At some future time there was a test-trip in that to remind you that the test-trip is not complete.
Yes sir. It's inimical.
Just one question. Can you tell us the number of places on your notes recording this conversation where you indicated that something was admitted?
What? Just one.
Yes sir.
That's what you wanted.
That's what I wanted.
You need more time to get it.
Well I will invest. Where does that appear in the transcription? In your short hand note.
In the body of the call. In the body of it.
How many words were taken down?
You can tell by the number of places.
Sure. You can refresh your recollection.
I work for it and have to pay you as a note.
And roughly how many words will pay?
I'll talk to them.
I tried to figure some of the shite hand and the tray.
You can refresh your recollection.
I was just about three to five hundred.
Two or three hundred.
Yes sir. This is two or three hundred.
No sir. This is one.
Well not how many words are missing.
A lot of that five hundred.
I don't have a penny.
You're going to whatever I think is different.
Well that's not four of that.
But you have not a minute and no.
We have to answer justice.
Right away.
Up top.
This is just in case.
What about this.
This is in the suit.
We have to answer.
Yes.
We have to do the fact that the chair is not the father.
We have to talk to him.
We have to talk about it.
We have to turn the cell over the chair.
And he will decide if it's not the principal.
What are the intent of the bill?
The bill is not ready torender.
The debt is signed and transferred.
I work it hard.
I work stupid.
The man who wins eός's.
The bail completed.
I deal with it all.
Very long term I deal with step by step.
Get ready straighter.
Get ready straight.
Go under.
Stand in the style.
Anybody else want to contribute a film that's earned them a lot of money?
Let me do it.
All right, but I think it's better to do it this way.
Underdrapper with those pictures that were taken off the bail proper.
This is the trim.
I've got everything in the trim.
Left trim.
You'll find a road here.
It's better to tell if I'm in America.
This is the trim.
Maybe I have the record.
Very clear that I don't accuse the enterprise, the young target for anything, the improper.
I think he did about many years.
I'm going to like to do the good of scoop on that document.
I merely felt that it should not be appeared in the last magazine.
When I heard you were in the field, over here, there's just one, two.
What do you play in?
I have your jacket on.
Do I understand about 500 words were taken down?
I have to make three to five hundred.
I'm not sure if that's what I'm not paying for.
And how many words, if you know, and your opinion were not taken down?
In my opinion, it was part of a sentence, probably five or ten or maybe fifteen.
I just don't know, but in my opinion, it was, I know I'm not so bad as to leave out a whole sentence.
I understand it.
Then the words that you were unable to take down were part of a sentence.
They were not an entire paragraph.
That's correct.
It's just part of a sentence in my opinion.
And do I understand your testimony to be that maybe five to a maximum of fifteen words might be missing out of a total of between three hundred and five hundred words?
That is my opinion on it.
Yes sir.
Then other than for this particular sentence, your best knowledge and belief, all of the other sentences were complete.
I believe so, yes sir.
That's all.
Any further, who sent the sentence?
No, I'll mention it up to just one question.
I don't.
Whose conversation was the commission made, was it made in the, and the Secretary of State, who's in conversation, or in some of the Macartons conversation?
At the very beginning of every, a remark by Senator Macarty.
Go ahead.
I'm a killer.
Apart me, Senator Simon, I'm sorry.
I like that.
One second.
What you try to do, as much as you can, is get all the word in any conversation.
Is that correct, Mr. Lucas?
Yes sir. I try my darned it because I want to get those deep-pale down, so it's necessary. I can help the secretary by doing so.
Now often, when you put somebody on the line in any office, the person's thoughts too fast, but I'm taken occasionally.
And they have to say you're talking too fast.
Is that correct?
He tried all of a sudden a lot, but sometimes the person was thought too fast.
I'm sorry.
Sometimes the person was thought too fast, he didn't pay his head for it.
That's correct, yes sir.
Sometimes it's a rare occasion, but it just does happen.
Well, that time on the track is different for anything on the cell phone.
What you say is that the best of your ability, you think on everything that's there on phone time.
That's correct.
Yes sir.
Often I dial in, that's the greeting of the beginning of the conversation.
It's pretty easy to tell when a man starts the business of his phone call.
There may be a few social remarks about dinner or something of that sort, surely social.
And then often in a phone call a man will say, I need to bother you, but.
And then I know whatever the person is.
I don't bother you.
Any time, anything?
I've been doing great things, nothing to do here, nothing to see, nothing to do.
Very good.
It's a lot of money for everything.
Well, I have only this in the space, and I think we're at a cost where it's sold in this case.
I was not sure.
But I finished dinner, sir, please.
We have to get to finish with a quest thing before we go to the station.
I thought I was asked for comments.
Do you ask for comments?
You ask for, you ask for the question.
You ask the way.
I have no further questions.
You may speak to a minor board here in the evening, sir.
You may speak to a point of order today.
The point is that I have to go to the station.
I have to go to the station.
I wish to speak to a point of order today.
The point is that I think we're at a cost road in this case.
I am not a lawyer without experience.
I have dealt with hundreds of telephone calls.
And never in my life have I seen one offered in a car room in which I had more confidence
as it was some fee-divercy than I had in this one.
I don't know if you had ten minutes.
Mr. Lucas, when I got stuck in the last time, I believe the question.
First of all, how many conversations that you have transcribed in this matter of the promotion of shame?
I am not sure, sir.
I would say, or 50 or 100 telephone conversations were transcribed.
I might have just some remarked about it.
How are you doing with Senator McCarthy or something of that sort with a, I'm really minor.
That's the total number of conversations that have any mention of your self-senator
or your staff or your committee or anything in connection with it.
In other words, when I stand, you transcribed all conversations.
There's like a mixture of mentions, you know, the work of the committee,
myself or the staff and that number of 15 or 15 hundred.
That's my guess, sir. I just don't know how many there were, but I transcribed maybe a factor of that high.
I'm not trying to pin you down to that number. I know it's impossible for you to give us the accurate number of the number.
Let me answer this. How many conversations were there between the secretary or Mr. Adams and other members of this committee?
I thought we called for, which of any idea how many?
No, sir. Were there locations on which was the Adams or Mr. Steven Cole,
or members of the committee in regard to the wisdom or the possibility of falling off the investigation of communism in military establishment?
Item.
I'm asking a mess from the political professor.
I don't understand the question, sir.
The North quarter read the question to the US.
you